we showed this clip last night of a
passionate Chicago Cubs fan reacting to
the realization that his cubbies were
going to the World Series watch this
he's 35 years old he's from Indiana he
had just been waiting his whole life for
this moment so those tears he was crying
like so many others tonight in
Wrigleyville crying tears of just Bridal
joy 15 so I love this guy so we tracked
him down and his name is Ryan Slagle and
right now he is with our very own gear
well at Slugger sports bar
[Applause]
how's it going fellas hey Guillermo
Guillermo have you told anyone in the
bar that you're a big Indians fan yet oh
riot how you doing we're doing great
thanks for having me give me a I really
appreciate it thank you so curious what
did it mean to you to see the Cubs win
the pennant
explained what was going through your
body at that time well you know in 2003
I was in Iraq and I didn't get to see
the whole Bartman situation but uh now
that I was here I was freaking out I was
like oh my god this kid I'm sure they're
gonna mess this up somehow this this was
the 8th inning so I'm sure that's why
you saw all the people in the background
not having any reaction at all I'm
hyperventilating
and I'm thinking okay ah we just need to
get through this so I can relax and go
drink and have fun so that's what I'm
thinking at the time did you know a TV
crew was taping you at the time did you
know you're on camera uh Jamie the last
48 hours of my life has been absolutely
ridiculous no I did not know I was
trying on a camera um my wife has been
flipped upside down my man card has been
pulled away Oh No shrimp why I don't
know to do with myself these days
you think I'm single and I should be a
bachelor and I got a beautiful lady oh
sweet for me right here next to me oh
you do have a girlfriend well if you
propose you better cry you know it's
like
right every major event of your life
from here on out yeah thanks for that
pressure I appreciate was it was that
the happiest moment of your life so far
uh I don't really know how to actually
answer that it really was because I mean
seriously how can I listen I'm Jamie yes
I love Chicago come since I was a little
kid and this is amazing moment for me
we're in the World Series and I hope we
take it all the way and if we don't you
know no big deal but this lineup can't
lose so we're gonna do it all right I
don't stop oh my god that's bad luck you
can't say they can't lose you don't say
things like that is wet but we are gonna
send you to the game we're gonna send
you and your girlfriend
[Music]
that's a man right there I don't care
what anybody says
thank you Jim you all right right
thanks for Douglas and Guillermo bye
around two drinks for everybody in the
bar all right
[Music]
okay I hope you can take the week off
work I really do
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die